everywhere in Rafa in southern Gaza this
place Palestinians have to queue for
toilets for drinking water to try to get
a piece of bread these makeshift camps
are set up right besides unra schools
where most displaced people in Gaza
shelter the place is overcrowded and
more people arrive every
day the schools are now very overcrowded
and they don't want to receive us so we
had to get some wood and we set up this
tent sometimes we're not even able to
get any water and for the toilets
they're going my wife and my daughters
go to the schools in order to use their
bathrooms we don't have any toilets and
for us the men we're not even allowed to
use the bathrooms of the
school forced to leave their homes
they've put together flimsy tents using
Fabric or plastic sheets which provide
very little protection causing many to
become
ill
my daughter has been ill since the War
Began the unsanitary conditions here
with sewage and animals nearby have made
her vulnerable to illness she suffers
from frequent bouts of flu and
fever and with limited medical help and
overcrowded living spaces there is an
imminent threat of epidemics diseases
here spread easily making it tough for
families to stay healthy in cramped t
we came to conun and life here is
extremely difficult there are eight of
us living in this tiny tent my daughters
are getting sick because of the
unsanitary conditions we have no other
options this is the only place we found
more than 1.5 million Palestinians the
vast majority displaced from the north
of the Gaza Strip are trapped in Raa 63
Square km food and other essential
supplies are scarce due to the Israeli
restrictions on Aid entering into Gaza
and after nearly 6 months of Israel's
war on Gaza getting basic needs remains
a daily challenge n alabadi Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer